FreedroirRPG 0.16
=================

The FreedroidRPG team is proud to announce the first release candidate for
version 0.16!

This version has been in the making for several years and contains many changes
and improvements, representing the work of many contributors.

Here is a quick list of some major changes from 0.15.1 you're likely to notice:

- Translations are back! The game can now be read in a selection of languages,
  and the following languages are bundled with the game by default:
  Brazilian Portuguese, Czech, German, French, and Swedish.
  More languages are being worked on by volunteers, and translators (and
  proofreaders!) are always welcome to join us on Transifex:
  http://www.transifex.com/projects/p/freedroid-rpg/

- The various interfaces of the game have been refactored and are now
  widget-based, allowing them to be displayed better in larger resolutions.

- Higher-level bots will now see through the Invisibility program.

- The arena in town has been redesigned entirely. Bots are now fought in waves
  and in several difficulty levels.

- The game ends a little less abruptly, and the player has the opportunity to
  enjoy compliments (and other words) from several characters.

- Background images have been added and remastered, including widescreen
  versions.

- A new, rhythmical music track has been added, and can be encountered near the
  Hell Fortress.

- For the modders among you, the game's dialog engine has been restructured,
  and now uses pure Lua and employs bindings for NPCs and the player. 
  Many new Lua functions have been added and can be called via dialogs and
  events. The remainder of the game's data is now also specified in Lua, for
  many of the same advantages.

- An effect timer can be shown in the Heads-Up Display by enabling it in the
  game's settings. No more waiting blindly for Emergency Shutdown to wear off!

- A new terminal model has been announced, advertized to be more hardened and
  robust than the classic model. Many of those with security in mind have
  already switched to using this new model, and if you have the right
  clearance, you can already see secure terminals in various sensitive
  locations, silently guarding their secrets.

- Water runs. From who? To where? Only the water knows.

- Countless annoying bugs were squished and shiny tweaks were squeaked.


Note that this version breaks compatibility with older savegames.
Specifically, new or modified map elements will not be available when playing
with savegames from 0.15.1, and this may cause a crash when the game goes
looking for them.
To make the most of the current state of the game, please start a new
character.

  - The FreedroidRPG Team 
